quite he does not want them anymore
conditions are better
on the other hand a very
complicated for players not knowing
not if they were going to play
I can you come in her so it's
complicated at the level of the trachea
can go do not hesitate to intervene
in the direct michel
we'll see what but to see them and
taking all having an element on them
worn balloons
they are well choreographed in relay
then be worth
in first round pick this ball and
it is well done for the moment the balloon
and beats start arnaud heguy who is going
lead to blu ray they know how to do
and arnaud heguy who will come out plated
party told me very good start to match
for your team despite the conditions
sorry I did not hear accusing a
very good match despite the conditions of
the part of your team
yann already yann commitment this is the
game leader who has created the ball
available for dargaud that he passed
package by barcella
we need support but recovered in
a second time by ouedraogo sees there
not much the balloon available to
the dicos the mass is good cocktail of
barcella even though he could not stay
supported between two beaten who falls under
turn his case the wilson wilson bridge who
goes through the ground support mcleod after
with yves albi gely rather pale and road
the ex-man who was worth
the metal scene go there it's going to work
around
the great laws that are mounted very
quickly in d35 one cut the exteriors
good gelly by barcella and barcella it
make his match
the udc was asking itself the question of
to know if he is in the rhythm
for enrique route
it was the strides by a mas nicolas
signed what is less sure 8th or 10th
playing time ah yes we're a fan has been
eric is cantona ice pelissier /
caminati watch this mastery report
three minutes from the end of this
first period to pelt at
the introduction
but he could not gtc recovered by
fall and alexander attention we play
a lot about the recovery balloons
yeah
he keeps the ball this time
Grenoble and the melee with Rodrigue
rice is to put your Parisian has
marked on the screen
it plays the South African alas he
was the free this ball to the fray
mcleod with all his experience
barcella and barcella hold it for a
player who plays there his second match of
the season chained watchou
they are good
the siren sounded they can
be careful to repress the opponent from
apples in news
goals